add_core = CLB
owner = CLB
controller = CLB
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = metalware
capital = "Amaseia"
culture = chalybean
religion = luwian_religion
is_city = yes

center_of_trade = 2

#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african

165.1.1 = {
	add_core = MDI
	owner = MDI
	controller = MDI
}
204.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
	remove_core = MDI
}

237.1.1 = {
	add_core = KPP
	owner = KPP
	controller = KPP
	remove_core = PSE
}

422.1.1 = { #Capital of Pontus
	add_core = PON
	owner = PON
	controller = PON
	remove_core = KPP

	base_production = 4

	great_temple = yes
	paved_road = yes
	big_military_settlement = yes
	small_conscription_center = yes
	small_workshop = yes
	tax_collector = yes
	big_townhall = yes

	add_permanent_province_modifier = {
		name = land_reclamation_3
		duration = -1
	}
}

504.1.1 = { #Tombs of the Pontic kings
	embassy = yes
	imperial_palace = yes
}
